thank you guys to everyone who
participated I'm holding this monthly
contest so to give out prizes to all my
fans and in order to win basically come
in and YouTube video of the month on my
channel you put the hashtag hashtag swag
dynasty or post a pig and make sure to
include hashtag swag dynasty and you're
automatically entered to win into these
raffle boxes guy have your name in here
all these raffle names and you'll be
entered to win cool prizes monthly so
this is the first one and I'm very
excited let's see what we get so off in
the Instagram box we have
congratulations to the Margaret
community congratulations model
community and your prize is one Marvel
Universe Colossus figure and then go
over to the YouTube box oh my goodness
if it isn't cool alright congratulations
cool alright you win avengers age of
ultron hope vs hole busters set now
again congratulations to all the winners
of private message me or I'll message
you and we'll ship these out to you guys
as soon as possible again thank you guys
for following and please keep commenting
on all my videos and you'll be out of
Atlanta to win I every month this is I'm
trying to do these giveaways at least
twice a month so you guys to have
another opportunity if by the end of the
month so please remember follow me on
instagram on youtube we post picture
leave a comment with a hashtag swag
dynasty in order to win thanks guys and
have a nice one
I
Oh